June 11th Launch (#10255)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation.mdx

---
title: Custom Instrumentation
sidebar_order: 20

> description: "Learn how to capture performance data on any action in your app."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Learn how to enable trace and span data-capturing on any action in your app."
```
